This Python is a project that was part of a Masters module with three datasets involving Airports and frequencies: airports.csv, airport-frequencies.csv
and runways.csv (included in the repository).

It was requested that firstly, the CSV files were converted to JSON or XML, I chose JSON. 

Next, we were asked to remove all airports with type=closed from all datasets - the type column only appeared in the airports.csv file, 
therefore, the airport_ref column that appears in both the airport-frequencies.csv and runways.csv was used to remove these type=closed from these
two datasets. 

The 'client brief' also requested that all but UK airports that are either 'small_airport', 'medium_airport', and 'large_airport' are also filtered
out and a new field be created with these, such that analysis based on these airport types could be undertaken. 

The airports dataset was to be adapted to include information of the communication frequencies that each airport uses, from the 'frequency_mhz' column
in the airport-frequencies.csv file.

These findings were to be presented in a coherent GUI that allows the user to upload the relevant files and have outcomes of analysis presented to them.

Firstly, the mean, mode and median frequencies were to be presented for all 'large_airport' airports and all frequencies above 100Mhz. In order to 
provide further functionality to the user, I presented this data for 'small_airport' and 'medium_airport' as well, and provided some entry fields for
the user to input ranges to analyse at a higher level than requested.

Next, an appropriate graphical representation of the distribution of frequencies for 'small_airport' airports. A histogram is normally a good starting
point for continuous data, but the data was not normally distributed. Therefore, I opted for a boxplot to show the range of anomalies. I zoomed into the
box plot as the range of ffrequencies was over 600MHz. Like in the previous part, I decided to provide graphs for 'medium_airport' and 'large_airport' 
airports too, such that these could be compared against each other if desired.

Finally, the client asked for a grpahical representation of the frequency distributions of the three types of airport against each other. For this, I 
used a scatter graph with frequency bandings and a colourmap to present any correlations between them.
